Good to see everybody this morning really excited to jump into part two of our series called Finding Your Sweet Spot and we're talking about how to escape the hustle and embrace
generosity.
And if you weren't with us last week, you've got to go back and check out part one.
Each of these parts build on one another.
And last week we had a conversation that's at the heart of all of this.
It's the sweet spot of contentment.
When we escape the hustle and embrace generosity and find contentment in our lives.
And what we looked at last week is that contentment isn't found in having more, but it's found in trusting that God is enough.
It's not in accumulation, accumulation.
Often, culture would teach us the more we have, the more content will be.
But we talked last week about, but where is the line of enough?
And what happens if we trust God to be enough in the midst of our lives?
Now, a part of contentment and a part of this whole conversation is all about money.
And I know some of you, you might be here for the very first time and you're like, oh my gosh, this is exactly what I expected.
The pastor's going to talk about money.
They're probably going to pass an offering plate around.
I know exactly what's going to happen.
And I get that.
I get that might be a stereotype you're coming with.
But here at Connexis, we want to talk about all the topics of our lives, including our finances.
And I want you to know, this is a shame-free, guilt-free conversation.
that we've all made mistakes when it comes to finances.
There are things that we all wish that we've done differently or things that we want to change.
And the goal today isn't manipulation, it's invitation for you.
And I just want you to sit back and listen.
And it's a family conversation.
So if you're here today and you would say, hey, I don't actually regularly call Connects' home, then we're kind of having a family convo today about all this.
So you get to sit around the table and listen to the conversation.
And we're really, really glad that you're here because money plays an important part of our lives, right?
You know why we talk about money?
Because I know you're talking about money, right?
You talk about your house, and it's an important conversation for us all to have.
Now, last week, part of what we looked at was this verse that Jesus teaches us.
It says, where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.
Another way of saying this is, your money is the steering wheel for your heart.
And to me, this is such a powerful concept if you can get your head around it.
And the reason is, if you know what the steering wheel is, it means that you can steer your car where you want it to go, right?
If I put you in a car and you couldn't find the steering wheel, you would probably panic, right?
Where am I going to go?
What country am I in that they don't have steering wheels in their cars?
Or if you've ever been in a self-driving car, they have them in California, nothing will make you more anxious than a car that is driving itself.
But if you can find the steering wheel, man, you can leverage it to go where you wanna go.
And that's the question I wanna ask today.
How, how do you leverage your money to grow greater trust and greater freedom in your relationship with God?
How can you leverage your money to grow your heart for God, to grow the freedom in your life, to grow the trust in your life, to grow the contentment in your life?
That's what I wanna look at today.
And what I want to do is I want to start with an account of Jesus.
Jesus is hanging out at the temple.
with his disciples.
And what's happening is it's the busiest part of the temple.
And they've got different things you can do there.
This is in the Old Testament.
You could offer sacrifices for your sins.
There's few things.
And there's this place where people would give financially.
And they actually had 13 places where you could put your money.
They were like upside down trumpets.
They were either brass or copper or metal.
And what would happen was they were standing there watching people
put financial gifts inside these upside-down trumpets.
And they had a better name, I'm sure, but that's what we're calling them for today, okay?
And it says this.
Well, Jesus says, well, Jesus was in the temple.
He watched the rich people dropping their gifts
in the collection box, right?
You can hear that, the crash, they would be coming with a bags maybe of money, coins, big pocketfuls, and it was kind of a show.
They wanted people to know how much they were giving, and so they might give like an all 13 trumpets, they'd just crash, crash, crash.
Like people go, ooh, look at that guy, he's giving a lot of money, it's so loud, right?
It says this, then a poor widow came by and dropped in two small coins, two pennies.
Plink, plink.
And I can hear disciples going on.
I don't know, those rich guys see what they dropped in.
And Jesus says this, I tell you the truth.
Jesus said, this poor widow has given more than all the rest of them, for they have given a tiny part of their surplus, but she, poor as she is, has given everything that she has.
that when you look around this temple and you see all these people around, if you wanna know who's truly living in freedom, if you wanna know who's truly trusting God, if you wanna know who truly has likely the greatest prayer life in this entire place, it's this widow.
This is the one that you need to look at.
This is the one who is clearly honoring me.
When I was a kid, I grew up at a church of about 80 people.
And when you're like 10 or 12 years old, there's a fast leadership pipeline there.
And I remember at 12 years old, they're like, oh, you're 12 years old?
You're going to start taking up the offering.
And the offering was these little metal plates that you would hand around to take up the offering.
In the middle of the service, you'd walk down the aisles and hand them out.
And what people probably didn't think about was it would be me and an adult
And what a lot of people didn't think about was after the service, we also were the ones who counted all the money.
And so at 12 years old, I'd be opening these envelopes that people would give in and I would see their checks with their name on them.
At 12 years old, I knew what two thirds of the church gave financially.
I don't think anybody thought that totally through.
And I realized something that I've realized in my life again and again and again.
that there is a correlation between the most generous people and the most content people.
Not the wealthiest.
It wasn't the wealthiest who were the most generous.
But man, the people who were the most generous seemed to be the kind of people that you wanted to be like.
It's something I've seen time and time again in my life.
And it doesn't matter how much they were giving, you could just tell they were sacrificing.
And it's not that these people didn't have hard times, but it was who they were in the midst of the hard times that inspired me because they had learned the lesson that this widow had learned.
Solomon, who was the wisest person, scripture says, that ever lived and the wealthiest person that ever lived, he wrote this in Proverbs, he said this, give freely and become more wealthy.
be stingy and lose everything.
Give freely and become more wealthy.
Now, he's not necessarily talking about financial wealth, but like, man, what kind of people do we want to be?
We want to be generous people.
And when we're generous and we have an abundance mentality and we see the world that way, it just changes how we see everything.
It changes how we see relationships.
It changes the openness of our heart.
But when we're tight fisted, when it's all for us, it's about how we can get more
There's something we lose even on the inside.
There's something about greed or selfishness or everything's about me that we know at the end of the day does something that shrivels up our hearts.
And there's something about generosity that unlocks something in our lives.
See, when it comes to what God teaches about generosity, God doesn't want something from you.
He wants something for you.
Right, if God owns everything and made everything,
He's not sitting there going, man, I'm really counting on your cash.
Yeah, I'm really hoping you give because I'm gonna be in a tight jam.
So why, why does he talk about generosity?
Why does he encourage us in generosity?
Because it's something that he wants for us.
And I love this, Solomon wrote this Proverb in Proverbs 23, and I think it's one that's just really, really helpful to us in our culture today.
The wisest person who ever lived, he said this.
He said, don't wear yourself out trying to get rich.
Be wise enough to know when to quit.
Now, if you look at the transl, there's like a bunch of translations of this verse, I'll save you the time.
The spirit of this passage is restraint.
Some versions would say, be wise enough to know when to show restraint.
He says, in the blink of an eye, wealth disappears, for it will sprout wings and fly away like an eagle.
The idea of, hey, I understand that you wanna do well financially, but the idea of more and more and more is never gonna be enough.
It doesn't matter how much you accumulate and how much you buy, there will be a day, you leave it all behind, right?
There are no U-Halls behind herses, you've heard it before.
You will leave it all behind.
No, man, when it's wise enough to show some restraint.
And can I tell you something about our culture?
Our culture is not good at restraint.
It's why we're all over leverage, right?
It's why you're like, you know what?
You were here last week and you're like, enough is enough.
And then you're on Amazon and it said, you might also like.
And you were like, hmm.
I don't really need a carbon fiber pickleball racket, but we all have our thing.
I don't really need another bag of chips, but we're not good at restraint.
It's why our whole country is struggling with debt because we just leverage and we leverage and we leverage ourselves again and again because we don't understand the lesson that Solomon is giving us.
Show restraint.
and grow your heart.
Where does your dollar go?
Let's talk about restraint.
So I did a bunch of study, mostly with stats cans, some with the Fraser Institute, because I wanted to get an idea of this.
So after tax, this is where your dollar goes.
So this is a dollar.
It's not very Canadian, I know.
And what I want you to do is you got this bag of M&Ms this morning.
I want you to actually take it out.
And if you've eaten them all,
You need to learn restraint.
You've already learned the lesson.
Take them out.
And you've got 10 M&Ms there.
And I want you to just lay them out on your lap.
And if you're wearing your Gucci pants, just be careful.
Lay out on your lap.
And there's 10 M&Ms there.
Three of those M&Ms are going to go to housing.
So I want you to set aside three.
M&Ms of every 10 are going to go to housing.
Then, here's what's next.
You've got food and auto.
That's another three M&Ms.
So food used to be about 10.
Now it's about 15.
If you've been to the grocery store, you know some of you have financed grapes and granola bars.
And then here's your auto.
That's likely your car, whether you purchased it or you've got a car fleece or whatever you've got.
And so that's six M&M so far.
You with me so far?
Okay, because I'm not good at math, so I like it simple, okay?
And here's what's left.
You've got recreational, personal, that's your pickleball racket that you overspent on this week.
That's one.
House operations, that's one.
That's your cleaning supplies, your furniture, your repairs, that's one.
Then you've got debt or savings.
7% and health and education.
So this comes out to about 9.6 M&Ms.
So if you want to bite one and a half and keep 0.4, put in your pocket for later, you can do that.
But essentially, this is where the 10 M&Ms go.
This is where the average Canadian dollar goes.
And the question I have is, but what about God?
Where does God end up on this list?
Because this really,
is all about me, isn't it?
That often God gives us so much in our lives.
And for us, so much of it is like, okay, well, that's all about me.
I'm gonna have all of that.
I'm gonna take all of that.
You can eat your M&Ms if you want.
You can eat them.
Consume them, guys.
So we're a consumer mentality here.
No, I'm just kidding.
But isn't that what we do?
We end up consuming it all for ourselves.
The average Canadian gives 1% to charity.
The average American gives 2% by the way.
And it's so important that we have an exercise like this.
And the reason is this.
How you handle your money dictates how you see the world.
How you handle the money often dictates how you see God.
See, when God looks at the
finances that he's given you.
It isn't about the amount in your account, but it's about the posture of your heart.
It's not about how much money you have.
It's not about how big your account is.
Jesus doesn't go, oh man, look at how much money that person has.
They must be more spiritual than this person.
It's not about how much each of us has.
It's about what is the posture of your heart with what you have.
Scripture's very clear that when it comes to how we look at our finances, we've got to remember that everything we have comes from God.
Everything we have comes from Him.
It says in Psalm 24, it says this, the earth is the Lord's and everything in it.
The world and all its people belong to Him.
The car that I have, the house that I live in, the pickleball racket that I buy,
All of this belongs to God.
It's all his.
You know, the finances that you make through your job, he gave you that skill set.
He made you how you are.
That's why you're so good at your job.
That's why you've been given the business you've been given.
That's why you've ended up in the area that you've ended up in.
All of it comes from him.
All of it is his.
Everything we have is coming from him.
It's all his.
And it's all coming.
from him again and again.
In 1 Corinthians Paul says this, he says, you do not belong to yourself for you were bought with a high price.
That if you are a follower of Jesus, Jesus gave his life on the cross for you and for me.
He desperately wants to have a relationship with all of us.
He bought us.
He paid for our sins at the highest of prices.
And we are stewards of what he gives us.
Tim Keller wrote this book called Generous Justice, and he says this, a lack of generosity refuses to acknowledge that your assets are not really yours but God's.
See, culture, culture teaches you to think like a consumer, but God asks you to be his money manager.
Culture tells you more, more, more for you.
You just take it all for yourself.
You take as much as you can for yourself.
You take it all for yourself.
And this isn't enough.
And if he gives you more, you just take, it's all yours.
Just take it all for yourself, right?
It's culture teaches you think like a consumer.
I heard this joke once.
It says, well, it's not really a joke.
It's funny because it's true.
When you're in the 20s and 30s, it says, you spend more than you have to impress people.
And then,
In your 30s and 40s, it says, you stop spending money to impress people because you're tired of all the payments you have to make.
In your 50s and 60s, you realize nobody was watching in the first place.
Isn't that true?
The culture says consume, consume, consume.
But God says, I've given you, we're all in different boat.
We all have different amounts.
We're all in different financial situations right now.
But God is asking us all the same question.
How are you managing what I've given you?
In the Old Testament, you have the Israelite people.
They've been wandering the desert, the wilderness for 40 years.
And every day, God gives them this manna, this bread from heaven.
They would have it for one day, and then it spoils, and then it's gone.
And the next day, they would have to wait for men again, and it spoiled, and then it would be gone.
And then after 40 years, they get to the Promised Land.
And in Deuteronomy, this is what God says them.
I mean, they're going into like, it's like just walking into a giant HGTV episode.
Like everybody's house is done, perfect, all the food you need, everything you'll ever need.
It's all here.
The neighborhoods are beautiful.
And he starts talking about the manna.
And he says, he did all of this, gave you this manna every day.
He did all this so you would never say to yourself,
I have achieved this wealth with my own strength and my own energy.
And as they go into the promised land, he says, remember the Lord your God.
He is the one who gives you power to be successful.
In order to fulfill the covenant, he confirmed to your ancestors with an oath.
He's saying, you gotta remember, it all comes from me.
Man, you need to keep trusting me.
You need to keep being in relationship with me.
You need to keep following me.
You need to keep because he was so concerned that in the moment they could do it on their own, they would.
The moment they could do it without trusting God, they would.
He's like, man, you know what?
It was so much better between you and I when you had nothing than when you have everything.
because it was so much easier to trust in me when you had so little to trust me with and I was all you had.
And you need to live with that desperation in the land of plenty.
How do you do that?
How do you live with trust and desperation for God and in connection with Him when we live in the world that we live in with all that we have?
Well, today I want to talk about something particular.
I want to talk a little bit about an ancient practice that you may or may not have heard of called the tithe.
Now, there are a number of ancient practices taught in scripture.
There's the ancient practice of prayer.
Most people know that one.
The ancient practice of fasting, a lot of people know it, fewer people do it.
And then one of the other ancient practices is the ancient practice of the
tie that comes in the, starts in the Old Testament from the very beginning of scripture, starts with farmers.
And what they're doing is giving the first 10% of their crops, the first fruit to God.
And then the other 90% is for them to live on.
And the whole point of it is to remind themselves that, oh, right, man, I've got to be dependent on God, that when God gives to me,
I've got to remember that I'm going to give 10% back to him to remind myself that it's all for him, to remind myself that it comes from him, to remind myself that it all goes back to him.
And they would do this again and again.
And then in the New Testament, you see the Pharisees are tithing and Jesus said to them, hey, make sure of your heart when you tithe.
It doesn't tell them not to tithe.
He says, make sure of your heart when you're tithing.
And then Jesus, he takes it next level.
He says, man, this is an age of grace.
Man, look at the grace you've received.
Be radically generous.
And so you see actually the church, people are selling everything so they can give to the mission of the local church.
It's unbelievable what you see.
And they're so excited.
They wanna take money and give it to other churches.
But it all starts with this ancient practice of the tithe, giving the first 10% of what God has given you back to him.
And as we do that, it reminds us that we're supposed to trust in him.
It reminds us that he's going to show up for us.
It reminds us that we can rely on him.
Now, there's a passage in Malachi, or you can call it Malachi if you're Italian.
And in Malachi, what happens is the Israelite people are living in a time where the economy isn't doing great,
And there's a lot of cultural upheaval.
They don't really know what the future's gonna be like.
Sound familiar?
And what happens is in this tumultuous time in their lives, they start to pull back financially on God.
And this is what happens in Malachi chapter three.
He says this, should people cheat God?
Yet you have cheated me.
Some translations say you have robbed me.
And they say, well, what do you mean?
Ever cheat you.
What do you mean, God?
When did we ever cheat you?
God, I'm that small group every week.
God, like I sing every Sunday, even put my hands up sometimes.
Like I read my Bible every day.
When am I cheating you?
When did we ever cheat you?
God, we do.
I'm doing all the things.
And he says this, you have cheated me of the ties and the offerings due to me.
Man, you've pulled back on your trust.
See, God doesn't need their money.
It's not even about that.
It's about trust.
He's like, I can tell by your financial behavior that you've tried to do this on your own.
I can tell by the way you have pulled back on your generosity that you've lowered your trust in me and you're trying to control this yourself.
See, the practice of the tie, the reason it's so important is because it fights greed in your heart
and it builds trust in God.
Every time, when you get this, your income comes in, you say, okay, that 10%'s gotta go back.
And you're like, I want it to go back, but it just won't, there, right?
It's fighting greed in your heart.
The day that you put it there and it's easier to do, it's like, man, there's a joy in this.
And the day that you're there, and you're like,
Man, I'm struggling to trust.
We're in a hard spot financially and we trust.
What it does is it reminds us of the God who continues to provide, the God who we continue to build relationship with.
And Jesus is saying, God is saying in Malachi, man, you're pulling back on your finances and I'm losing your heart.
See,
God's care is as a perfect father.
God's care is a perfect father is about giving and not taking.
The passage of Malachi is about you owe me, I want to take from you.
It's like, man, I'm your lovely father and you're losing out on a relationship with me.
You could be trusting me.
We could be in a totally different place than we are right now.
I don't want you to pull away from me.
And then he says this, he says, you're under a curse.
And that doesn't mean like some like spell or something.
It's not like a Harry Potter thing.
When he says you're under a curse, what he means is you've chosen to live life without me.
And you're doing it.
And you're struggling.
He says, you chose to live life without me for your whole nation has been cheating me.
He says, man, we got to restore this.
We got to make this right.
And he says, bring all the ties into the storehouse.
So there will be enough food in my temple.
Guys, get back to the practice of tithing.
give back the practice of tithing in the Old Testament.
You see the tithing going to the local temple, and you see it in the early church, in the early church, it goes back to the church, whatever church they call home for the mission of what God is doing.
He says, man, bring it back.
He says, live on less, live on less, and trust God with the rest.
I know it's difficult, but I want you to live on the 90 and give me the 10.
Another realization that they had in Malachi is, man, we make a living on cheating God.
We're keeping it all for ourselves, for us, it's all for us, it's all for us.
And we want more, put more in here, and let's go from here, let's take as much as we can.
Man, they're realizing, man, I'm making a living.
I'm not connecting with God.
But then, this is what happens.
God says, but if you do, if you tithe to me, if you bring it back, it says this.
He says, bring all the ties in the storehouse, so there will be enough food in my temple.
If you do, says the Lord of Heaven's armies, I will open the windows of heaven for you.
I will pour out a blessing so great, you won't have enough room to take it in.
Try it.
Put me to the test.
He says, man, when you get your 10 M&Ms, and you give me one, and you get your 10 M&Ms, and you give me one, and you get your 10 M&Ms, and you give me one.
He says, see the blessing I will pour out on you.
Now I know all the Enneagram ones are saying, who is going to clean all this up?
But just relax, we put him in the bags for the next service.
But man, I mean, he says, listen, this is not some pyramid scheme.
I'm not saying if you give financially, you're going to get wealthy.
And I'm not saying that.
I'm saying that God is saying, if you trust me with your finances, I will show up for you.
I will show up in your life in a unique way.
And maybe it's financially, and maybe it's in another way.
Maybe it's relationally, maybe it's a door I'm gonna open with for you.
Maybe it's a relationship I'm gonna repair.
Maybe it's another way that I'm gonna show up, but I'm gonna show up for you if you test me.
Now, scripture teaches in other places, don't put God to the test.
This is the only place where God says, you can test me on this.
You can test me.
I wanna rebuild trust with you.
Test me.
I want to connect with you.
I want us to be in that kind of dependent relationship where you trust in me.
And you experience my love.
Test me in it.
I'm going to show up.
And I understand.
I understand.
I share a message like this.
There are a lot of what abouts, right?
We all get the list of what abouts.
And for you, it might be what about my debt.
And I get that.
Maybe God's saying, listen, yeah, you got to get on top of your debt.
We're hosting a financial learning experience here, a 90-minute workshop.
You can sign up for it on our website.
We want to help you with your debt.
But he's saying, yeah, but test me with your tithe.
Yeah, but God, I don't know like, what about, I have to rearrange some things.
Yeah, you might have to rearrange some things, but test me.
Yeah, but like, I don't, I'm not sure if I explicitly see the tithe in the New Testament,
But man, Jesus calls to a radical generosity that's way beyond that.
You look at the early church.
I mean, everything's going out.
Test me.
Show up for the timing isn't good.
When is the timing good?
Test me.
I'll show up in your life.
About, I don't know, I was trying to calculate it.
I think it's 15 years ago.
Lastly, we learned about this for the very first time.
And we definitely were not tithers.
We were tippers.
We were in the tipper category.
And we had some debt.
And I'll never forget the conversation.
It was like, OK, we want to start doing this.
So we said, OK, we're probably at, I don't know, 2%, 3%, 4%.
What if we bumped it up to like six?
And then we'll see if we can do seven.
And I remember the conversation because it just came out of my mouth.
I wanna do this with God.
I don't wanna do this without him.
Let's just go for the 10.
And I honestly had no idea where the money would come from.
I had no idea.
I didn't know how we were gonna get
how we were gonna make all the lines on the dollar bill work.
We only had the 10 M&Ms.
And I'll never forget it.
God showed up with birthday money here and some money that someone was giving us from an inheritance here and money that showed up here.
And I'm not saying we gave 10% and so we got wealthy.
I'm saying we gave 10% and God showed up for us.
and we've lived our whole lives this way.
I'm so passionate about this topic because this has grown our faith way more than any Bible study, than a hundred Bible studies, than a thousand Bible studies, than all the worship nights and all the sermons I've preached and all the devotional times I've had, this has grown my faith the most.
It's just true.
So my encouragement to you is to try this.
And I'm going to encourage you to try it for 90 days.
A 90 day tithe challenge, an opportunity for you to say for 90 days, we're going to try this.
And at the end, God doesn't show up.
Then you can go back to your dollar bill.
But for 90 days, and I already know the what about Christmas.
There's always a what about.
But to say for 90 days, we're going to do this.
Because the question I have is, why are you missing out on growing your trust in God?
There are hundreds of people across our church who have learned this and who practice this and would say to you, it has changed their lives.
And they've done it in hard times and they've done it in good times.
And we want to help you with this.
If you go to, and you could take your phone up this morning, it doesn't bother me, connect to church.com slash tithe challenge.
If you sign up there this week, we're just going to ask for your name and address so that we can ship you this book, the treasure principle.
If you're like, I don't like to read, don't worry, it's a tiny book.
And it's helped hundreds of thousands of people with this.
And we'll send you the link to our financial learning experience so that you can come
And we can help you with your debt.
There's an online and in-person version.
And set you up so that you can do this well.
We want to be in your corner as you take a step like this.
And encourage you to go there today and let us know so we can ship that to you this week and get it into your hands.
Now, I just want you to know that the tithe when you see it in Scripture always goes to the local church.
And I'm a firm believer in that.
we give here locally to connect us.
And if you're like, I'm not sure about connect us, find another local church and give to them.
That's fine with me.
Because you need to do this just for your own faith and growth.
And I just want to see you experience it.
But when we give here, I give with a lot of confidence.
I want you to know that.
We're annually audited by BDO.
We've passed that audit with flying colors.
It's very thorough for
our entire existence, our audited statements, always on our new here kiosk.
You can pick up if you want to see one.
And I just see the difference that it makes.
I mean, you saw the retreat video today.
I mean, what more evidence do we all need?
Well, I'll give you a little bit more because I'm excited about it.
Like, here's just a couple of things.
I just think about the ice storm this year in March and the fact that when the
Power went out and ice storm came.
We opened up warming Wi-Fi units at both our locations.
We got out there clearing brush and cutting trees.
And that was because of the generosity of the people here.
I didn't have to go, okay, guys, we've got to take them an offering.
People had already given.
I jumped in and other organizations were so inspired by our generosity, they started to give money to us because they saw how generous you've been.
For the hungry, we packed over 60,000 meals, so we can go back a slide.
We packed over 60,000 meals last, and that's going to be happening at the end of this month.
And that's because the people of Texas purchased those meals and funded those meals so that we can pack them.
It's incredible.
And to see the different set it makes, this past week, I think it was, we celebrate Linda Goodall.
You might not know her.
But she was the executive director at the Lighthouse.
She even spent some time on staff here at Connexis.
Been on an incredible faith journey she has been here.
And this is what the Lighthouse looked like when we first started getting in their corner.
We write them a check every single year.
And in the early days, it was in this house.
And they had, I think, maybe a dozen beds, something like that.
And people said, oh, the Lighthouse, kind of a small kind of ministry.
This is what the Lighthouse looks like today.
Yeah, it's unbelievable.
And the opportunity to be on the journey and see the change and the financial gifts that we give at year end and the way we're able to help them out through the year, the way we hosted Linda's celebration party as she's on to her next career and they've got great leadership in place.
The opportunity we host their staff at our facility for their staff party every year and the Berry Food Bank.
Here's a collection we did for the Berry Food Bank and we give to them financially every year and I was meeting with Karen the exec director there a couple
about six weeks ago.
And she said to me, Jeff, I just want you to know that you are the number one church when it comes to supporting the Berry Food Bank.
And she said, I just want to say thank you, which is unbelievable.
And so I give confidence to what God is doing.
And I'm excited about what he's doing.
But if you're like
Like, for me, this is something.
If Kanexas didn't need our finances, I would still have to do this somewhere else.
Because I need it for my heart.
Because I know it builds trust with God.
Because I know it builds a closer relationship with Him.
So my challenge to you today is the 90 day tithe challenge.
Would you be willing for 90 days to test God and see that He might show how He might show up in your life?
And I truly believe that he will.
And so I would encourage you, sign up today.
We want to get that book in your hands this week.
I know that there are a number of you who are doing this already.
And I want to thank you for that.
And many of you have said, hey, you know, like Leslie and I, we want to go above this.
How can we even push further?
We want to see God do more.
And I just want to thank you for that.
Those of you who give financially, you're making an incredible difference.
Let me pray.
God, we come to you today.
with a desire to trust you more, to know you present in our lives more, to experience your freedom in our lives more.
And we know that comes through generosity when it comes to our finances.
It comes to knowing that you're enough.
It comes to deciding what's enough.
And then it comes to pursuing you with a generous heart.
And it's there that we find our sweet spot, trusting you in relationship with you.
and so God, we come to you today and pray that you would speak to our hearts.
And we don't wanna take some rooms and make them available and other rooms and not.
We wanna open up all the rooms of our heart to you, including our finances and pray that you would speak and pray that you would inspire.
God, we thank you that when we surrender to you, you show up in our lives.
And God, I'm excited about what you're gonna do out of today.
excited about the way you're going to show up in people's lives, excited about the way that you're going to work.
And God, thank you for the honor and the privilege it is to invest in what you're doing, to be a part of the mission that you have called us to, that we might see lives change, including our own.
And we pray this in your name.
Amen.